Love me.
Thank you, Dahai.
Only you wouldn't despise me.
No way.
She's my mother.
Zhu Yihai.
Is that Huilian's necklace?
I'll take everyone close to you
and finish them off one by one.
Do I even have a choice?
You don't.
Zhu Yihai.
How did you stir up such a huge mess back then?
Hold on.
If Qian Huilian really is my mother,
then that means
back then, you rescued her
right out of Long Xiao's hands.
You old bastard.
Tell me how the hell you pulled it off.
You guys, you guys...
What are you all doing here?
With all this commotion,
how could we not come, you big idiot?
Dali.
Erhu.
Zhu Yihai.
Dongxing also has beef with Long Xiao.
Old grudges and new, we'll settle them together.
Ge Bing, you...
Long Xiao's after my dad's factory.
Chief Dao and I can't just stand by.
Let's take him down.
Thanks.
All right.
Quit dragging your feet.
You're the smart one.
Tell us what to do already.
Jiao Jing, you tell them.
What's Long Xiao planning?
It's not just the Aimin Street contract.
Everyone here is his target.
So I think,
while Zhu Yihai and I
go to Dream Lover to find Qian Huilian,
the rest of you should split up
and keep yourselves safe.
Why don't we stick together?
You wanna get wiped out in one swoop?
You old geezer.
That's how you handled Long Xiao back then, right?
Whatever you could solve,
I sure as hell can too.
This leather jacket looks pretty sharp.
Mind if I borrow it?
I've got a tough fight ahead.
I saw Qian Huilian here yesterday.
Alright.
Find a way to rescue Huilian.
I'll distract them.
You'll distract them?
Can you handle it?
Don't worry about it.
Hey everyone, look over here!
New Year's Day is almost here.
I, Zhu Yihai, will perform a special act.
You've all seen Errenzhuan, right?
I'll do an Errenzhuan number.
Dali.
How's Weiwei? Has she woken up?
Not yet.
But thank you.
for finding emergency plasma in the city.
I really didn't do much.
My dad arranged all of it.
With him like this, I can't leave.
You should hurry back to the warehouse.
It's safer over there.
I wonder how things are at the warehouse.
Oh my.
Isn't this our factory's old warehouse?
Zhu Yihai really knows how to pick spots.
Lili.
You know what?
Our Huilian,
right here in this very place,
swore brotherhood with Zhu Yihai's crew.
Each got a necklace engraved with "Yi."
Acting like it was the real deal.
Do you have one?
No, I don't.
Dao Balian.
Let me ask you a question.
Go ahead.
If the person you love pushed you away,
what would you do?
What are you doing?
Look.
Didn't you push me away too?
But you didn't leave.
You're still hanging around here.
Watching from afar is good enough.
I wonder when Zhu Yihai
will manage to find our Huilian.
The young pay New Year respects to the old,
no need to ask about
who's a man and who's a woman.
Yihai.
Really
You surprise me every single time
You've got quite a few tricks up your sleeve
You showed up before I finished singing
Long Xiao.
Guess I'm just early
I came here today to negotiate terms
What's up?
Had a sudden change of heart?
You've got a huge empire
I run a pool hall, how could I fight you?
Here's the deal, you let Huilian go
and take a smaller cut of Aimin Street.
Weren't you the one who insisted
that fifty-two percent was your lifeline?
How did your lifeline suddenly change?
Forget fifty-two
Fifty-one
Zhu Yihai, oh Zhu Yihai
You're actually quite the talent
What a shame
Too much?
Forty-nine, how about that?
How long are you gonna keep yapping?
No, hold on
You told me you're a businessman
So I'm just talking business with you
Zhu Yihai
Quit playing your little games with me
Are you waiting
for her?
Jiao Jing
Zhu Yihai
You walked right into the trap after all
Lili
Think Zhu Yihai's plan will work?
Something feels off to me
You're lying to me again, aren't you?
That's on you for being weak.
Falling for the same woman twice
I suggest you let Huilian go
Or else I'll burn this agreement
Burn it
Go ahead, burn it
Come on, hurry up and burn it
Have you noticed
you've misunderstood one thing all along?
Think about Long Xiao
If he wanted Aimin Street
why insist on going through Zhu Yihai?
The transfer rights to Aimin Street
were never yours to begin with
He should go to Director Ge
Wouldn't that be more direct?
Damn it
We forgot all about Director Ge
You wait here
Don't freeze
Wait for me, I'll be right back
Who is it? I'm busy
Director Ge won't give you Aimin Street.
Think again
Is Ge Bing at the hospital with Weiwei,
or at the warehouse with Qiao Lili?
No
They're not at either place.
Enough, enough, Zhu Yihai
Stop messing around
Alright, Yihai.
Let's head to the private room for a proper chat
How did Yihai get caught?
What the hell do we do now?
Zhu Yihai, oh Zhu Yihai
Do you know why you lost?
Loser takes the fall.
Spit it out.
In a little while,
my good news will arrive.
But before that,
I'll let you die knowing the truth.
You know what?
In a few years,
Aimin Street will be Yecheng's busiest.
To snatch this prime piece
from that old fox Ge Zhendong,
I went through quite some trouble.
Of course,
this Guohong Factory
has a pretty big name in the city too.
So you needed a hired gun.
Exactly.
Zhu Yihai, you have a big rep at Guohong.
If you helped me deal with Ge Zhendong,
he'd definitely be in for a rough time.
Then I'd just need to fan the flames,
and the deal would be done, wouldn't it?
How'd you know I'd help you?
Because you, Zhu Yihai, your whole life
you've been chasing that "honor" in your heart.
As long as I played you up,
you think you could've stayed out of it?
So nobody was actually after you.
Of course.
Who in Yecheng would dare touch Long Xiao?
I'll be straight with you today.
My men told me before
that back then,
he was the one who raped Qiao Lili.
So I just went with the flow,
pretended I was about to be killed,
and then told you where he was.
Tell me, would you, Zhu Yihai,
ever fail to come save your Qiao Lili?
Once Zhu Yihai finished him off,
you'd just take advantage of the situation.
You'd say I saved you,
make me the number two of Jumu Group.
Zhu Yihai cares about face,
so he'd definitely help you.
Right?
You're only figuring it out now?
Too late!
All right, all right, all right.
Don't worry.
After this is all done,
I'll definitely bury the two of you
together.
My good news has arrived.